overturned
sends sesame seeds
How grand!
noss Mori
Branch or bred
What a great place!
The world is changing.
I can't believe such a great place is made.
I'll try to eat the soup.
Sorry.
Come here.
I'm sorry, but I think I'll eat the soup.
Oh, I see.
Then, please ask for the reception.
Where is it?
The reception is up there.
Hello?
Please take off your slippers.
Oh, you're angry at me.
Here you are.
I'll ask for the reception.
What is it?
I think I'll eat the soup.
Is it your first time?
Yes, it is.
Do you have the soup of the old stone?
No, I think I'll eat the soup.
I know that.
It's the rule of the temple.
Do you have the old stone?
No, I don't.
I don't have the old stone.
I see.
Then, I'll ask for the reception.
Where is the address?
What is it?
Your residence?
My residence is in Nishinari-ku, Osaka.
The second-best-of-the-most in Kohama.
The address is
500 Nishun.
No, I'm wrong.
I'm looking for your name.
My name is Kusabe Heisuke.
Kusabe Heisuke.
Your age?
I'm Kusabe Heisuke.
Do you have a real name?
No, I don't.
I'm not a street vendor.
I don't have a real name.
I'm sorry.
I'm a street vendor.
Is this okay?
Yes, it's okay.
Take this to the bank.
Bank?
Where is the bank?
There is a window
that is a little bit
behind the corridor.
That's the bank.
Thank you.
Kusabe Heisuke?
Yes, that's right.
Are you alone?
Yes, I'm alone.
Then I'd like 10 yen.
10 yen?
I haven't eaten yet.
I'm in a big trouble.
Is that so?